Python is a high-level, general-purpose and a very popular programming language. 
Python programming language (latest Python 3) is being used in web development, 
Machine Learning applications, along with all cutting edge technology in Software Industry. 
Python Programming Language is very well suited for Beginners, also for experienced programmers 
with other programming languages like C++ and Java.
Python is a widely used general-purpose, high level programming language. It was initially 
designed by Guido van Rossum in 1991 and developed by Python Software Foundation. It 
was mainly developed for emphasis on code readability, and its syntax allows programmers 
to express concepts in fewer lines of code.
Python is a programming language that lets you work quickly and integrate systems more 
efficiently
Before we start Python programming, we need to have an interpreter to interpret and run our 
programs. There are certain online interpreters like https://ide.geeksforgeeks.org/, 
http://ideone.com/ or http://codepad.org/ that can be used to start Python without installing 
an interpreter.
Steps to be followed and remembered:
Step 1: Select Version of Python to Install.
Step 2: Download Python Executable Installer.
Step 3: Run Executable Installer.
Step 4: Verify Python Was Installed On Windows.
Step 5: Verify Pip Was Installed.
Step 6: Add Python Path to Environment Variables (Optional)
Python’s traditional runtime execution model: Source code you type is translated to byte
code, which is then run by the Python Virtual Machine (PVM). Your code is automatically
compiled, but then it is interpreted.
The data stored in memory can be of many types. For example, a student roll number is 
stored as a numeric value and his or her address is stored as alphanumeric characters. Python 
has various standard data types that are used to define the operations possible on them and 
the storage method for each of them.
Int:
Int, or integer, is a whole number, positive or negative, without decimals, of unlimited 
length. 
Float, or "floating point number" is a number, positive or negative, containing one or more 
decimals.
Float can also be scientific numbers with an "e" to indicate the power of 10.

